This is for the Client/Server Development Course I have taken during my past eight weeks.

During this course I have went through many achievements involving myself with learning how to use the terminal learning how to use the databases and datacharts within the supposed topic of Animals and their breeds.
Within the zip file I would like to show these two projects showed client server data within the animal breeds and etc.

Some questions I would like to answer down below:

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? 
Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? 
How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

Writing programs depends on what you making it for and able to be read or organzied I like to keep my own code organzied so people can read it and dapt what I want the program to do. The advantages I had are the codes that were given to us and we be able to hop on and finish
the rest of it. It was pretty difficult though since Python I dont like to do, but It was worth it to learn and get an ideal and better understanding of Python. I can use CRUD Python in the future by the way I used it here since many companies use this technique, 
so learning this is important in a way.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. 
How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

I approach the problem in several ways if its a simple problem Ill just do indent checks and recheck if things are in place or correct. If its more than just a mistype or a indent error I would have another set of eyes and able to find the problem together.
Finding those problems and solving it making the Grazioso more cleaner and a lot better in a way. As for me I felt like I done such a great job with this part than my last project where I had tons of trouble I felt like here I done better in a way than my last project.


What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scienctist do have the most hard job within learning how to understand Client Server data and able to make a database with a specfic topic and understand what to do within the database and code itself.
I have a clearer understanding on how they work and how it works. I would work on this type in a company and able to help the with client server problems.

Overall I learned a ton within this course and ahd fun with learning CRUD Python.




